# Kains-Blog-
Kain Medrano 
Dustin OHara
June 27,2019

Information Studies Blog

First, to me most of these stories were confusing to me. Some of the words that were used in the texts and the way they explained some of the stuff was confusing me. But the one thing I  can talk about is the telegraphs. Telegraphs were used as long-distance transmission of textual messages. These machines were the first products of electrical goods. I  thought it was interesting how these telegraphs brought changes into the nature of language and the very structure of awareness. The biggest thing i liked was “It permitted for the first time the effective separation of communication from transportation”(Carey 3). I liked this because it shows what the telegraph was made to do in the beginning. It tells everyone that it was made for communication. So people can communicate faster, it might not be as fast as todays communication but it is easier then always having to meet up face to face or mailing it to them. The telegraph reached the railroads with another way to communicate. 

Second, I was interested in the “Low Tech Magezine” and how wifi was created to be used for short distance. “Although the WiFi-standard was developed for short-distance data communication, its reach can be extended to cover distances of more than 100 kilometres”(Author Pg2). This showes that wifi was basically to be used in close distance. It wasnt really made to go out side your community but the up bringing of technology allowed the wifi to spread rapidly. “The longest unamplified WiFi link is a 384 km wireless point-to-point connection”(Author Pg2). Long range wifi was made up 10-15 years ago according to the text. Long Distance wifi is to be tought as cheaper wifi. Some examples of this long distance wifi is cellular networks or satillite network access. 

Last, these passages bring me to the point on how they change the society for us today. How they made things better for us and made faster internet and faster wifi routers. To me wifi has changed society and todays youth in a huge way. Alot of the kids nowadays have phone, ipods, ipads, computers, and tablets that run of wifi. Without the idea of low-tech internet which is now high-tech internet, these kids wouldnt be able to have these things because there wouldnt be any wifi to connect to. I also thing its been very helpfull for the young ones because it has educated them. With the modern wifi and internet they are able to get on apps and the internet to learn how to read and how to spell etc. These telographs and wifi mdels have changed so much over the years its crazy. 
